We'll come back in this video we are going to check out matplotlib p y plot which we already have used
but I just wanted to show you something with it.
So first of all I'm going to add this month plod who lived in line which allows us to show this play
or display graphs straight away in our Jupiter notebook.
And now I'm going to import something.
So we have used that already where we said implored Matt plod lead that p y plot and there we said something
like S P L T.
And then we used this approach right where we just said OK now I'm gonna use it as POTUS I'm going to
make it easier for myself.
So we just said he does show where I actually plot first plot and then we had the values that we would
like to plot.
So we had access and wise but we can also of course just add lists in here.
So one to three and another lists five four or five something like that.
And now I can use the LTE show function in order to show it.
And as you can see now this graph is displayed here.
So what is happening here.
Well we are importing something that is called met plot.
And in the air there is an aspect or a part of it which is called y plot and we say OK we want to import
that whole thing but we want to call it Alte because we don't want to constantly use this whole name.
So let me just show you another example of how this could look like.
So in other in another line we could go ahead and use it.
And in this way where we just say okay import met plot live thought y plot and then you will have to
go ahead and use it like that.
So you'd have to say okay from that plot lib thought y plot could call the plot function for format
plot Lipp thought of plot use the show function.
So of course this is going to work as well as you can see now displaying it correctly as well.
But with this as we just say OK we want to rename this whole thing and we want to use it with a shorter
version or a more descriptive way or whatever.
In this case we just want to use a very short version of it.
PLDT is descriptive enough so we know what it's about.
And at the same time with a very short time we can type very easily.
But of course this is the exact same result pretty much what we get.
But this well that's really more convenient.
So there isn't a disadvantage by using this though.
So here it's very obvious as we are saying capital-T is coming from this part here.
But if somebody is checking our code for the first time and we have a bunch of code very complex code
with lots of lines and so forth and somebody checks it out and looks at this PLDT and doesn't find a
class it is called purity or something like that.
Then you might be confused.
So he would have then to check the imports as well and the imports are at the very first line.
So usually somebody doesn't really look at the imports at first so he just checks out the whole code
and then later on he checks out ok that there are at the top there is this import.
So he of course can use the search functionality and so forth but on an obvious way if you want to make
it super obvious then you would have of course the whole name here.
So we're just saying Mackler lead that p y plot dot plot.
So this is how we of course.
And what also more can also use it now.
This here says there.
We want to use these Mettler live but only the p y plot part.
We can also use it like that where we just import the map plot lib.
So let me restart my kernel so that I can show you because now everything is already imported.
Now if I run this code again I'm not on getting an error it doesn't have an attribute called p y plot
so we can say something where we have to add this plot here for it to work.
Or alternatively we can say from that plot the lid import p y plot.
So that's another way of doing it.
And now it shows me something where it says OK figure size 640 times for 80 with one x.
So it doesn't actually display it well it calls the show function but because this line of code here
is not executed.
We don't get to see any graph.
So let me run that code at the top and then run and run that code at the bottom and as you can see now
it actually shows the graph.
And now you saw what this line stands for what it actually does.
So it allows us to show graphs in line our Jupiter notebook there there is one more thing about this
approach here.
Now still using the whole name but of course now I could go ahead and just say OK use plot that plot
or P-word plot that show.
So if I run that code you see it's still working correctly.
So as you can see there are multiple different ways.
And if you see code in a way in one of those ways don't be confused you will see that some people use
this approach other people use another approach and so forth.
So now you know that all of them are fine and all of them are valid.
And whenever you come across one of those you'll be fine.
There is one more reason for renaming your import.
So let's say we would use this approach that we have here.
So let me show you real quick so we have it twice from Matt love Matt Plaut lib import by the plot.
Now there could be something called matplotlib 1 2 3 and it also has something called y plot.
And now if I use this word plot then it will be confused.
So our program will be confused and it will try to access plot in that plot live and maybe it doesn't
have a plot or a show function and then suddenly our code doesn't work anymore.
And then this approach here really comes into play where it really makes sense where we just say Okay
use it as Piel tea.
And now if somebody goes ahead and has something like mad plot live 2:59 that pre-wire plot then we
can just call it PLG 2:59 or you can call it whatever he likes.
So now he can have a shortcut which really indicates that we're explicitly talking about this module
here and not the one there.
OK that's just a little side note here.
But usually you won't run into these problems very often so just for you to know that this is a possibility
and that's how you can solve this problem.
But as I said you won't usually come across as problem very often.
All right so now you've seen how you can use modules and what the different approaches are.
And in the next video we're going to create a module in a folder.
So see you there.